.TH KALL 1 "2026-03-12" "kall 2.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
kall \- run commands across multiple projects in parallel
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B kall
.RI [ command ]
.RI [ args... ]
.br
.B kall
.BR init | config
.br
.B kall alias
.I project name command
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B kall
runs a command in parallel across multiple projects and displays the
output in an interactive tab UI. Tabs appear immediately with a running
indicator and update as each command completes. When piped, output
falls back to plain sequential text. It supports per-project command
aliases, so the same command name can map to different commands in each
project.
.PP
kall looks for a
.B .kall
configuration file by walking up from the current directory, similar
to how
.BR git (1)
finds
.BR .git .
The directory containing
.B .kall
is the workspace root; projects are its subdirectories.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B init
Scan for git repositories in the current directory and interactively
select which ones to manage. Creates a
.B .kall
file in the current directory.
.TP
.B config
Re-run the interactive project picker. Existing aliases are preserved
for projects that remain selected.
.TP
.B list
Print the names of all configured projects.
.TP
.B alias \fIproject\fR \fIname\fR \fIcommand\fR
Set a command alias for a project. When
.B kall \fIname\fR
is run, this project will execute
.I command
instead.
.TP
.B aliases
List all configured aliases, grouped by project.
.TP
.I command \fR[\fIargs...\fR]
Any other argument is treated as a command to run in each project
directory in parallel. If the command name matches a per-project alias,
the alias is resolved. Extra arguments are appended.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-verbose
Show the resolved command being executed in each project.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show usage information.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Print version number.
.SH CONFIGURATION
The
.B .kall
file uses an INI-style format. Section headers name the projects
(subdirectories), and key-value pairs define aliases.
.PP
.nf
# Frontend app
[frontend]
start = yarn start
test = yarn test

# Backend API
[backend]
start = flask run
test = pytest
.fi
.PP
Lines starting with
.B #
are comments. Blank lines are ignored.
.SH EXAMPLES
Initialize a workspace:
.PP
.nf
$ cd ~/workspace
$ kall init
.fi
.PP
Run a command across all projects:
.PP
.nf
$ kall git status
$ kall ls -la
.fi
.PP
Set up and use aliases:
.PP
.nf
$ kall alias frontend start "yarn start"
$ kall alias backend start "flask run"
$ kall start
.fi
.SH EXIT STATUS
.B kall
exits 0 if all project commands succeed, or 1 if any command fails.
The TUI display shows a green
.B \[u2713]
for success and a red
.B \[u2717]
for failure next to each project name.
.SH FILES
.TP
.B .kall
Workspace configuration file (INI format). Discovered by walking up
from the current directory.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR git (1),
.BR make (1)
.SH AUTHORS
Kane Tran
.UR https://github.com/kanetran29/kall
.UE
